Improve copywriting for Web API (#303)
openfisca/openfisca-doc: source/openfisca-web-api/input-output-data.md

### Adding information to entities

To run a precise calculation, you should provide information on each person and group entity.

These are the input [variables](../key-concepts/variables.md) of your simulation.

> To provide an input variable, insert the value in the json, for the corresponding time period (e.g. '2015-06') and entity (e.g. 'person', 'household').

Reviewer: Prefer backticks for code samples and variable names 🙂 

```suggestion
To provide an input variable, insert the value in the json, for the corresponding time period (e.g. `2015-06`) and entity (e.g. `person`, `household`).
```

The time period must respect the [definition period](../coding-the-legislation/35_periods.md) of the variable, and the entity must be the one the variable is defined for.

> > For example, if Ricarda has a salary (defined monthly for a Person) of 3500/month until september 2016, and 4000/month after that and if household_2 were tenants and became homeowners in march 2016 (housing_occupancy_status is defined monthly for a household) of the 57 sqm apartment they live in, you would write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For example, if Ricarda has a salary (defined monthly for a Person) of 3500/month until september 2016, and 4000/month after that and if `household_2` were tenants and became homeowners in March 2016 (`housing_occupancy_status` is defined monthly for a household) of the 57 sqm apartment they live in, you would write:
```
